Update deprecated mlab connection guide for the new MongoDB Atlas (#35927)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: client/src/pages/learn/apis-and-microservices/mongodb-and-mongoose/index.md

    - **Choose your cloud provider and region**, you can leave this as the default provided (typically AWS).
    - **customize your cluster's specs**, you can also leave this as the default provided, `M0 Sandbox (Shared RAM, 512 MB Storage) Encrypted`.
    - **Give your cluster a name**, you can also leave this as the default provided, `Cluster 0`.
- Now click the green **Create Cluster** button at the bottom of the screen and verify the image captions they provide. 
- You should now see the message, `Your cluster is being created -
New clusters take between 7-10 minutes to provision.` Wait until the cluster is created before going to the next step.

### Create a new admin user on the database.

- You should be able to see the green **Get Started** button on the bottom left of your screen, you can click this button to see at which step of the process your are in, if you click on it now, you can see the next step is to **Create your first database user**, go ahead and click on that step.
    - Follow the instructions by clicking on the `Security` tab.
    - Click on the green **ADD NEW USER** button.

>     - Enter a user name and password and then select **Atlas Admin** under user privileges, remember to store your username and password somewhere safe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Enter a user name and password and then select **Read and write to any database** under user privileges, remember to store your username and password somewhere safe.
```
No need for admin privileges here, the projects aren't going to need them.

Author: Applied the changes per gitter conversation.

    - Follow the instructions by clicking on the `IP Whitelist` tab under the `Security` tab.
    - Click on the green **ADD IP ADDRESS** button.
    - In the modal, click the **ALLOW ACCESS FROM ANYWHERE** button and you should see `0.0.0.0/0` pre-filled for the whitelist entry field, click the green **Confirm** button.

### Connect to your cluster

- Clicking on the green **Get Started** button in the bottom left of your screen should now show you the next step, **Connect to your cluster**, click on it.
    - Follow the instructions by clicking on the `Connect` button in the `Sandbox` section.
    - In the pop-up modal, click on **Connect Your Application**, a connection string will be displayed, you can copy that connection string by clicking on the `copy` button.
    - This will be the final URI that you will use to connect to your db, it will look something like this `mongodb+srv://<user>:<password>@<cluster#-dbname>.mongodb.net/test?retryWrites=true`, notice that the `user` and `cluster#-dbname` fields are already filled out for you, all you would need to replace is the `password` field with the one that you created in the previous step. 

> - That's it! you now have the URI you will add to your application to connect to your database. Keep this URI safe somewhere, so you can use it later!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- That's it! You now have the URI you will add to your application to connect to your database. Keep this URI safe somewhere, so you can use it later!
```

Reviewer 2: Totally missed that one! Great catch there @ojeytonwilliams.

Author: Applied changes.
